PAPP-35152: changing documentation to config variables section to be … (#82)
phantomcyber/dev-cicd-tools: github-actions/start-release/templates/connector_detail.md

{%- if connector.configuration %}

### Configuration Variables

> This table lists the configuration variables required to operare {{connector.name}}. These variables are specified when configuring a {{connector.product_name}} asset in SOAR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table lists the configuration variables required to operate {{connector.name}}. These variables are specified when configuring a {{connector.product_name}} asset in Splunk SOAR.
```

VARIABLE | REQUIRED | TYPE | DESCRIPTION
-------- | -------- | ---- | -----------
{%- for name, parameters in connector.configuration.items() %}

> {%- if name != "ph" and ("visibility" not in parameters or parameters.visibility|length > 0) %}

Reviewer: Would this have prevented this issue? https://github.com/splunk-soar-connectors/msgraphforoffice365/pull/44/files#r1854866249

Author: it wouldn't but the condition should change to include parameters.data_type != "ph" as long as a ph data_type should be hidden.

Reviewer: Then let's change the condition? The `ph` data type exists solely to make UI forms look better. It's a nasty hack
